Speaker A: Timeline. The contractor should wrap up by tomorrow. Saturday they'll have, like, final touches. So I'm also going to be in Winneca on Saturday regardless, because I'm at the farmer's market there that day. I have one instructor helping me out. I'm going to reach out to a couple of students, but would ideally love, like, a couple more people, so we're able to help with that. What is the desired outcome for the farmers market to get people to come to our grand reopening, which is the following week. And when is the grand reopening? 12th. Right. So it's a full weekend of grand reopening activities. So it really starts on Thursday with a ribbon cutting. Thursday. Because the chamber does ribbon cuttings on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Great. In the afternoon or the morning. Perfect. So besides me, I don't think anyone else is going to be there. It's more like ceremony. All right. Yeah, that'll be cool. I'll be your photographer. Yeah. Because they fix. I want that more for the photo op rather than, like, really? It's like the celebration. Yeah, yeah. Like, you don't care about people coming to, like, you're. It's the. Like, she was like, oh, the firefighters and the EMTs are like, could you get firefighters to, like, go hang on a silk. I kind of want to get the. The president of the chamber and, like, all the chamber members to, like, sit on their head, take pictures because they are, like, they're so integrated in the community. I went up there last Saturday to, like, just talk through the plan. Okay. This is our. This is where we're gonna be and all of that. Okay. Photo ops for who? What do you mean? I think we should be sending that. Those photos to, like, the Daily Northwest. Okay. So I was gonna pitch to the Daily, like, you know, like, I knew. I love a good. Right. Like. And I would like them to be there to cover it as well or to, like, cover one of those days all. Okay. And then I still need to look through the chamber email to respond to the person coordinating it. There's, like, their social media person and all that. Okay. Does the space need prep ahead of grand reopening? So in general, yes. So let me walk through the grand reopening, and then we'll go back to the. Okay, so Friday is like, our first, like, big class. So I'll be teaching soiree, which is like a choreo class, which we usually don't do, but it is one of, like, the Arab brand, like, formats. And then afterwards, it's like celebration that anyone can come regardless of whether they were there for the grand reopening or not. I would really love for like instructors and like students to bring their friends, to bring their families, but even like their kids like because really like it's again like I, I want this to be like a home for like all the generations so like for everyone to bring everyone. And I think it just makes like ch child care and like all those other considerations like easier for people. Saturday is our dedicated. Like there's more focus on kids. It's our air Kids Olympics. So far we've had one sign up that'll be more tournament style. There'll be prizes that like the, the prize for the winner is a 90 minute like air party and ticket price is like 15 to enter and we're free for sign up for the fall session. So another goal of the market is because we're not having kids trial classes. They'll be like, hey, come to like our kids Olympics. It's like, it's very beginner friendly so you don't have any air experience. And then also from there get them to sign up for a fall session. They really liked it. And then the first two weeks of the fall session are also open to like people who want to like give it a try before committing. So there's that. And then Sunday also just be like all lighting scale intune air classes for son. And that is a combination of our flow and foundation class which we don't normally offer. I'm probably going to bring it back or bring it, you know, in the next month but like if it's not on the schedule, it's an experiment. It's just for this. Yeah. So all in all, what is the desired capacity like at full. Let's just say that you know, most of the people coming to the ground are reopening or like whatever proportion of it is going to be new customers. How many people are we talking about? So across activities. So the kids Olympic spots, there are 20 spots who participate but it's open to anyone to come. The grand, the soiree is 12 spots to participate and then the intro to air classes are also 12 per class or two sessions. So like the far more specific thing is like trying to get all those. So but I think if, if we need more capacity, we're going to add more depending on demand. Right. So in terms of new people. Right. Like the, the we're. I'm only allocating 24 slots for like new people for the Internet air. So people for intro to air 20 kids that ideally would also be the kids that sign up for your. And then I still have roughly 40 slots more to fill my kids fall term. All right, so the goal of the farmers market will be both kids for the fall program and people to show up to reopening. So that's like 50. Let's just say like all in all, like 50 people. And then in terms of like the foot traffic for one of their farmers market, they typically get about like 2,000 people visit. Perfect. Did you setting up the rig or no setting up the rig. Okay. Also set up a table of tent for me, but I still need to have materials ready, so that's what needs to be made. Well, but that is reverse engineered from the desired outcomes. Right. Like, if we're doing the kids, we might want to try them. Like, I want to fly. Yeah. And then also, I. I don't know if this is like, too much information to throw all at once, but I also added that like, floating sound bath thing the 21st, and I wanted to do it because I'm like, it aligns with the equinox and feeling like we can make it like a every, like, you know, like equinox or solstice. Like, there's like a sound map. And then like, for people who are more intimidated by like, the more physical aspects, like, I want to give them that option as well. And then. Do you know what I mean? Like, it's. That one is like, yeah, you have time for that. Yeah, yeah. And that. I think there are other avenues to advertise that. Right. Like, like, if you could get people to come to the grand reopening, it's not hard for them to think about what's next. And also overall, like, before we jump into one of these, overall, is there a bigger. The goal is just to reopen the business and have it make X amount of money? Yeah. I think the goal, the immediate goal I think is I want people to. That we're here. How will you know that that's true? How will you know that's, like, successful? So I think one aspect is like, if I walk down the street and people are like, oh, air. Okay. I think in terms of measurable awareness, I think that's hard. But I think, like, what I can measure is, like, how many more people are in our, like, email subscriber list to reach. Yeah. How many do you have? Like, under 6,000, 5,000 something. Okay. So for air to be an established entity in the Winnetka community, which is also broader than Winnetka, like, North Shore in general. Yeah, North Shore Community Air Winneca as an established entity that people know about, which comes with. There's the intangible aspect of presence and then there's intangible aspects of revenue. And then part of revenue is figuring out your whole pricing. That's one of the stuff parts of that outcome. And I think that's. We still haven't gone to the space. But another thing is like I sent out the email yesterday and I just kind of pressed sent. But then like our marketing person was like so many red flags. Juan, you didn't use the trademark after air. Also like one of the links was broken and like she had other comments, but her main concern is that like my like core crew thing, like one, like she like didn't like that I like branded it as something that's like not approved by heirs. And maybe you're gonna come up with something that needs to be approved by corporate. And then two, like right now, corporate spending a 30 off sale on annual membership and on 20 class packs of this round runs counter to that. And then the other thing is like she was like, you can't give a commitment for three years. Okay. So I think my rationale for why I wanted to do that is like people have been fighting me of like, you know, like Aaron grandfathered us into this price almost blah, blah. And like really a lot of people were paying $116, which is the equivalent of getting an annual membership at 30% off even without that commitment. So I felt like, I felt like that was like a. So I did like 360 for three months and then 130 locked in for three years is like what I had wanted to do. I think I'm gonna send a follow up. It. It's drafted, but she wanted to approve before I signed and then she didn't approve until like just now. But it's, it's just 360, 50 jobs or so that like ongoing. But I've already had three people purchase for that 130 or so. I think I, I won't retroactively be like, I don't know, like, what do you think? Like, do you think I can like retroactively be like, hey, like I can't offer this or just like let that be and. Right. Nobody knew because they recently made the decision. It's different from the Erin grandf. Yeah. I think the Erin grandfather thing is like you need to treat it like you're a new business owner, which you are and you hold your brand. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And Then I can also individually go into people who have like, alternative pricing or some people are paying 160 for a 180 membership. And I can be like, hey, like, we're offering this discount that's cheaper than what you're paying now, but this is the price moving forward. So I think that, like, it comes off as, like, I'm looking out for you, but, like, this is the new policy. It sounds like you do need, like, right now there's a lot of moving pieces with regards to pricing. And it feels like one of the desired outcomes of progress is that you've settled on like a pricing model. Even for the one off events. You have like a typical schematic to go off of with. Like, this is how we price ourselves. Yeah. Like, a lot of the, like, generic offerings are set by corporate. Yeah. And I have to run all their promotions and then I can run any other promotion as long as it's not steeper than what they offer. Yeah, yeah. You have some guardrails and limitations, but there are. But like, for workshops, it's whatever I want it to be. Exactly. Exactly. So I can charge 500 for your principles. Right, Right. Okay. Okay. Before we get into space, you also mentioned something about black card memberships. You wanted to get as many signups for that possible. I don't necessarily. No, so. Because right now the annual black car membership sale is going on. So annual black car is 199, like basically $2,000 for a whole year. And then 30% off, it comes out to 116amonth. Right. Again, like, I think that's like, very low. I think it's good to have. If a lot of people purch, is that right off the bat that, like, it's like, I have more cash on hand, but I would rather them pay like a slightly higher price. So eventually you want as many black Art members as possible. But that's more of a later upsell. So I think more immediate is like, right now it's like, until grand reopening, you have the option to buy our sounding package. But the black card membership or, sorry, the 30% off CMI annual sale goes until the end of September. So I think after a grand reopening, you want to go back with, hey, like, you missed this. But if you're really committed, you can get like the full year. Or if you're still like wanting to try it out, there's a 20 pack that's also 30%. Okay, understood. So we shouldn't overthink that right now. The goal right now is just to get more people to come to grand reopening so that there's a larger base for you to even start. And we still have the 99 one month intro offer that's like there all the time. Great, great. So two main urgent desired outcomes to work backwards from there's farmers market become is a successful lead magnet for getting more people on your email list which you identified as an indication of success as well as literally getting people to come to the grand reopening. There's the other success criteria which is that the space is ready for grand reopening that needs to be defined and fleshed out. But let's start from farmers market if that makes sense. What do you mean? Like as it starts from thinking about that desired outcome? Because that's literally like Saturday. Because let's talk about the space too. I think our contingencies there. So the contractor should wrap up by Saturday. But I still have more finishing touches to do. So one is like adding that triangle to the wall. I think I just decided I'm going to go with regular like yellow tape. I'm going to use projector. Project that out, match that and then also have the vinyl cut out of like the logo and the lines of like that. And you bought those already? No. So that means I need to get the vinyl and I need to create the cut for it. Okay. And that is. And like I think that to me helps one like make the space like distinct from like the other franchises would still be on brand. And it's like a. I think it's a visible indicator of progress. So another like you can invite people who've been here a lot to come to grand reopening to sign. Exactly that. That was the idea that like, well like here's the mall check your app which has like how many classes you took and now you're going to sign this mall based on like where you're at. Yeah. Right. So that's like one of the activities I have planned. And I think that that is also like a very visible IND of like thrust me over time that like in a year like it should be like signatures. Right. That's great. So there's that and then there's also. So today, this morning there was another construction like rabbit hole we went down. I think it's not needed. But so that basically I thought I needed of the joists is damaged. It's the one that the hanger is sitting closest to. Like the door is sitting closest to that hanger. Yep. Or the hanger is the one that's closest to the door. And I was conflicted about whether I wanted to leave it open, have more hammocks now. I think this is my sign. But it just needs to be like an entryway. Yeah. So anyway, so I think part of it is like setting up that entryway. And I still gotten a shoe rack or cubicle. I got the two shoe benches. They're already delivered. So that needs to be built. That should be relatively simple. Okay. But I think I still. This is the part I'm undecided on, which is like, I think I'm debating between a 4x4 Cowan plus a table. Okay. That's also a Kallax table, which has like two by. What's a Calyx table? It's the Ikea. Oh, Ikea white storage thing. Yeah. Like the square. And then they also have a table that's the same Height as the 2 by 2 or. Sorry, it's the 2 by 4. They also have 2 by twos, but the 2 by 4. So. And then the actual table portion is like 2 by 2, but it's like a table. So there's no storage. And then there's another two by two. So it's two by six. And the table will be near the door. So it doubles as a front desk. Front desk. Alternatively, because I think spacing will be really tight. So that would leave 6ft from the end of that. If we do 4x4 plus 2x4, we'll leave 6ft at the end, which is enough space to get by. But because there are also hammocks here, here and here, like spacing might feel a little tight. So alternatively, I think just 3 by 2 in the table. I wish they had a 3 by 2. They don't have a 3 by 2. So it's either 2 by 2. I guess I can do a 2 by 2 and a 1 by 2 instead of a 4x2 42 plus the table. That's what you're thinking is that would leave us with. So that. That would be seven. That would be seven across, right? Yeah. And I would love for it to be six across. But there's no two by six calendar. They have a three by three color. So what I can do is not have a table and just do like 4x2 and 2x2. So it just all be storage. But then there it like which. Like how many people will actually use the front desk? Like, I mean, what's the difference between a front desk and a cubicle? It just doesn't have the things inside. Yeah. Like you could very much turn that into something that feels like a front desk by putting it in the storage. You know how Ike also has the storage cube, things that you slide in and out, like a drawer you just put those drawers in so it feels blocked out. Nobody puts stuff there and it's basically dust for all we know. And nobody's gonna sit. Like, the difference is that. Well, I think the sitting is like for the instructor to be there to take people in. But it's like you come to this spot. Yeah. But it's not like it's not persistent enough where it matters that there's no space for your knees. Right. You know, like it's sitting for like less than 10 minutes. It's okay for you to be behind something that doesn't have space for your knees for 10 minutes. Right. So give me a sec. Unless you yourself want to be there all the time and you want that to be your work desk. There's two aspects, right. I think whether or not we have this entryway table or whether it's just storage, there still may be another table, desk, whatever you want to call it by the back. That's like for like event. You're not going to want to sit at an events table all day working. Well, not like an events kind of table, but it's like kind of like what the front desk is like now. Right. Like a bigger table. Cuz like if we have like drinks or whatever, like a DJ booth, whatever like you want to use it for like I think there's still. There still needs to be a bigger area that this Ikea Kallax table doesn't work as. I understand. But like, I'm just saying like as an owner, if you want to be there more of the time, such that if people walk by, you can capitalize off it and you want to treat that as your work desk, it makes sense for you to sit at the front at that spot. So. So, so the table is 2 is the equivalent of 2 by 2, 3 by 2. 3 by 2. 3, sorry, 2 high across, 3 across. And then let me also show you. So this. And you can technically do a one by two and two by two make a three by two. Yeah. So this is. Is there no 2x3 that you could just put on the side? No, they have 3x3, but no 2x3. That's so not Calex. Maybe like, like Target or other brands might have that. I mean, is it. Is 3x3 the end of the world? No, but you'll just block which honestly I'm like, maybe that's a better height because most of the time that stuff isn't going to be filled out and you're going to be able to see through it anyway. Yeah. And it's like a. More of a separation. So this is what Yogi Bar had it set up as. So there was no rigging here. And then they had more of like a retail space they had. In this version, they have their desk over here. And then like. Yeah, it's retail. They're nice lighting. Change it better. What kind of lighting? No, it's not nice. Oh, it's just they. They have these. Yeah, yeah. So the overall lighting feels. I didn't even see the lamp itself, but the lighting just feels different. Yeah. And then this is. And then this is another version I saw where the desk was closer to the front. So in that second picture, they had these two swabs. Okay. But I think, because this is that accent wall, like there should be nothing against that wall. There's a hammock there. So it should all be like toward the mirror. Yeah. But like six feet from the end wall is too little. I think we need seven. So do the 2x2 and one by two. And the table. And the table. Okay. Okay. Like, if what you need is basically 2x3 of storage and 2x3 of the. The real question is, is that enough storage for when you're full capacity? So that would be eight, right? That would be eight. Eight without creating. What do you mean? It's. Isn't it six? Six. And then there's two from the desk itself. Let me. Let me show you. O. That sounds roughly right. And then we have 12 spots. And then there's also space in the shoe bench. Yeah. Yeah. Space is more important than capacity. So this is the table. So it's like perfect. Yeah, I think it's like. And I like that you're choosing white because it. The whole space is a little dark. So it makes it. Yeah. And then it will sit flush with the too high one. So I like that. And then I. I can also. They also have inserts to make it like more of a desk. But I think using it for storage, maybe I can use the top one for storage. And then the other part of the desk, I might also cover that up. So if you don't. They have the rug there, I think, to support it for like electric. And then I think cover it up. So. Okay. That feels salt. Yeah. Yoga Ma. Yoga mats are still going to be at the back with the props. I think there Was just no way to fit it in a way that made sense. Yeah. So the. But right now, the balls and the weights. The weights used to be underneath the front desk. And the ball used to be by the speaker. I'm gonna move the balls and the weights so that they're across. Yeah, they're. Right now they have, like, hang. Like they're like industrial pipes that act as hangers for retail. That was set up by Shama but not used by Aaron. I'm taking down the bottom three so that there's something you're not hitting against anything. Yeah. The top three I might leave for now. Is there. We'll solve for the math issue another time. Like, I think. I think it still makes sense. Like you're walking through and they're making an L and then you're coming back. Yeah. Rather. I. I think it's fine. It just still feels. And that having a divider will separate out that wall more. It's like a specific photo wall. Reciprocating castle. It's also on a swivel. Everything else is static. Okay. So. Yeah. So we need to set up that front area with the. Probably all in one go. So whenever you get the Kallax stuff, you should probably order that asap till it would be set up. Right. And then I still. So, like, there was still this. And then I think with vibe stuff, we can feel it out and then go on a trip to. To get the right stuff. There's like, the desk used to be back here. I still feel like there should be something back here. Like, but I want it to be movable. Like that one was like, installed into the floor. Have you solved that issue yet? Like, I removed that. So, like that the front desk is destroyed because needed to like, it need. Like it was installed to the wall. It had to be taken out. Okay. So it was from the front there and moving it to the back. But it. Right. Like the. What do you mean it's destroyed? Like, is it reusable or is it. No. So the top is reusable, but the sides, like, they weren't wood. Was drywall that was installed to the floor. So it was installed like half a wall. So I knocked down the wall. Okay. Okay. So I need to. I think I want to have together something that I can put wheel reuse that tabletop, though a table is only like a couple hundred bucks that, like, the hack might be more expensive. Yeah. But something there as well. And that's for the drinks as well. Yeah. So I. I was think. I was thinking we wanted, like, folding tables and benches we could store inside our storage room for, like, when people post for. I don't know if this desk can function as a table now or if we still want some sort of. Or if that should be more of, like, a work desk. And, like, where, like, instructors go, like, to turn on the speakers to check, like, any, like, notes, I leave them. So I want to do that all on slack. I don't want to, like, rely on, like, because what we have is, like, a. Like, a laminated sheet of paper that we write on dry erase. I want to put everything on the slack, but I don't think everyone is, like, as into slack as I want them to be. Okay, what is the precise job of that sheet again? It's to know what announcements to make to the students at the end of the class. So it's like, hey, right now our 30% off sale is running, and we have a sound bath coming up next week. If you want to sign up, go do this. Okay, so whiteboard in the back. I think that can become so for the grand reopening. I want it to be something interactive, something like, what does air feel like to you? And then, like, everyone can, like, sketch something. But eventually, I think that can be a calendar. You can also list the deals there. So maybe instead of making it just like, so the instructors look at the sheet and make announcements. It's like, it's all in that whiteboard. Okay. Just because there's a lot on your plate right now, is that more of a. We have a whiteboard. We want to do something with it. It's a black. Yes and no. I wouldn't say it's a high priority, but I think it solves the issue of the clipboard with the updates versus we can't put the updates publicly. And it's more. It adds visual interest. I feel like I'm not wasting this space. Do you want to add a template to the blackboard, or do you want to leave it blank and you just always have to draw? Like, you can have some white lines or something. Yeah, like a calendar grid. Yeah, but that doesn't need to be done now. Yeah, like, that's what I'm saying. It's like, I understand how in the long run, you want that space to be used, but right now, it doesn't feel nearly as essential as making the rest of the place feel nice. Right. I think it's eventually it's like, calendar, and I want to do, like, a member spotlight every month or so so we can have Set templates there, but not essential. Basically, that is the analog social media. Whatever you post on Instagram. Yeah. And then related. We also have. I finally want to set up the app, which there. It's limited. Like, what I can change, but there's also a community to have. And there I. I want this to function as like a private social media. But again, like adoption. Who knows? Yeah. We can figure that out later. So all of that is space set up. And then we'll worry about the lighting and smoke smell and all of that once the skeleton is here. Yes. And so I fixed the door I chose. I put in a new handle. Great. It doesn't not lock. Great. And the door knob doesn't freaking break the drywall every time you close it. Great. $50, 500 to fix the door. Whatever I needed to be done, needed to be done. I think I'm. I also need to do a fresh coat of paint because I was the contract. Okay. I got a new toilet paper holder. It was, like, installed to the wall. It was falling off. I took it down on purpose. The contractors put it back in. We can take it down. It's easy. We can patch it up. We can pay it. So it's a toilet paper holder. And then there's a little tray on top as well. So that's what we're gonna use. And I got new trash bins because right now they're open. This is like a. Yeah. So let's close this and we'll stock up on final to touches. Like tampons. Like. Yeah. And that would go on that tray. Yeah. So that's that. They're also changing the. Recocking the sink because that was killing off, like. But I think we do need a fresh coat of paint. I think that will make such a big difference. And it's, like, not gonna be that much work or that expensive. Yeah. In terms of color, the corporate color is gray. I kind of want, like, darker, moodier. But I don't know if that's the vibe, because alternative. Darker. What? Like black. Okay. I mean, you can't offend anyone with black. Right. Or, like. Or. I don't know. I think it'll be really hard to maintain, like, really bright, airy, like bathrooms. I think darker, it's better. So I think here's a thing to imagine, right? Like, if you are. If you're in. If you're taking an aerial class, and that's like, where you go change before or where you, you know, go to the bathroom after before you leave. I like the idea of dark bathrooms in restaurants for air. I don't know. Because dark is also, like. It's better because you can curate a little bit of a moody vibe, but also kind of like, you don't know if it's dirty or anything. Like, you don't know if you want to, like, throw your pants on the floor. I mean, like, that's a bad look. Yeah, whatever. But it feels less. How do you put it? Less like you. You're breathing and more like. But I think lighter is like, you, like, if it's. You have to do the clean. Yeah. And I think in terms of light, like, the. The light up there now, like, I think the lights we have don't really match the color of the wall. Okay. There's. It's like a warm, like, yellow light that's like. Just change the light. Oh, no, no. I think. I think the light. I like the light of the one that's over the mirror. We have in recent overhead lights that don't work, I think because we never change the bulb. That's fine. We have another overhead light that's white. I don't like it now when it's turned on. I don't think so. I think we can just remove the bulb there. It's. That one is enough light. Okay. So bathroom paint. Just the placement of stuff you probably need to get. And you probably have that already, but like a set of cleaning supplies. Yeah, we have that. Yeah. But I. I think the curation. I feel like the. The curation in the vibe of the bathroom contributes to the, like, absolutely, like the place feeling elevated. Right. And I. I don't know how to make a light bathroom feel elevated, which is why I'm going dark. I understand. Do whatever you like, but I just make sure that there's a place for someone. Like, I have. Hate how when you try to go change in a bathroom, you don't know where to put your stuff. Like, be it a hanger. Be it a. So there are hangers there now. And I think the current hanger, the nail puts through the door. But the hanger matches the light fixture, which is more of that. Like, I don't. Like. I think that was probably left over from Yogi Bar because it doesn't fit the air vibe. But I think I. I'll just keep that for now. If we want to change it. Okay. We can. And I. Because that. But. But also, like, what I'm saying is, like, the ha. Like, you're talking about the kind of hooks, right. That is great for, like, bags. We Also need like a table. So right now there's a calyx for two by two in there. Okay. That's like for storage. And it gets. Especially right now, it's like super dusty. Yeah. I think I want it. The top of a calyx could be great for. Yeah. For. For what I'm describing. Yeah. If I'm changing, I need to be able to put myself somewhere. Especially if it's in the winter. I'm wearing a sweater. I don't want to just. Yeah, it's gonna fall off the hook. Yeah. O. Okay. So keep that calyx in there. Because I was also thinking we get rid of the Cowlex and put like another table. But I think we keep the Kallax for now. Keep it simple for now. But I think we can move. We can just keep what's actually essential to restock in those bins and take everything else out. Yeah. And then. Yeah. So paint. But maybe the critical decision there is like choosing the right color because that'll dictate the vibe allowed to get a darker gray or like they won't count. Then get a darker gray. I think gray is better than black. I think true black is very light. Yeah. I think. Did I show you the gray they recommended? Yeah. You sent me the name. I looked it up. Yeah. So it's because I think my bathroom is like a bluish gray. It's fine. It's not offensive. And then I was at the library when I texted you and I'm like, oh, one of their walls is this gray and the other wall is like a navy bl. Like you kind of like your sweater. So it's. It's not offensive. I. But I. Yeah, I think darker. Cuz I think I want to do like dark and glowy warm feeling for the bathroom. Yeah. Especially in winter. Yeah. And then so bachelor. The main floor space. We still need to figure out the table situation. But like worse comes to worse, we find some like temporary table for now. Figure out a nicer long term solution. Because I think eventually I do want to add that fridge there as well. Get some random table from Facebook marketplace. That's like 30. Yeah, exactly. And then light. So the two sconces came. I still need a install it the back led. Like I. So I think I. It's just like in terms of practicality, I'm not sure. I haven't purchased it because I. I don't like the LEDs that you can see the individual lights. Yeah. But then the. You can get the covers. But still it doesn't like Diffuse. Super great. But I think those can change the settings. Like those LEDs dim. Like you don't have to turn it on all the way. Yeah. Depend like the $10 ones. No $10 for 100ft now, but like $50 for 38ft maybe. Yeah, but the way that the bar there. There's some. There's enough. So I guess I'm deciding do I want to do bottom bot and then far top, bottom and then sides as in just top and bottom or all the way through? I think my ideal scenario is just sides all the way through. Sides all the way through. Like basically three pillars. Yeah, but. And that's 100ft in total. Less but. And that, but like there needs to be a way to connect them to the outlet which introduces more complication. But I mean it's just wires. The height is 12 by 12. You need a cord hider at the bottom like that. So it's 12 by and that'll be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. It's like three pillars, right? Three pillars both sides. Three pillars both sides, all 12. It's two pillars center and then the inside pillar of the other two. Yeah. So it's a good one of three. Yeah. But the, the issue is like with the far. Where it is now, some of it, I think there's enough space to fit the LED through. Other ones it's really close to the wall. A little softer than that. So you just carve it out. Or like you, you can basically I think the covers, you can have that part be remove the COVID So it's just a strip running through. But then you could like seal it some other way so it kind of runs through, but it doesn't like the thick part, you can omit it because it's just ultimately all that needs to actually run through is the very thin individual bulb strip that goes all the way down. But I don't know how I feel about exposed LED next to the wood. Next to the what? Cuz it's going to be sandwiched between like the wood and the heat. I don't want it to start a fire. I understand. Well, we'll find a way to. We'll find a way. Like I think like. Okay, what I'm saying hearing is Saturday, farmers market. What time? So 7:30 is when it starts. We need to be there at 7, 7 to 12:30. Great. Rest of the day, like afternoon. We set up the skeleton of the space, put together the benches, whatnot. That evening, depending on how we feel. Or Sunday is the time for you to Go figure out. Or we can figure out, I think that day we also can tape the bathroom and then. Exactly. And then Saturday, we can also if, depending on energy levels in the afternoon, we're done setting up the skeleton, we can then put up the sconces and then figure out what's missing and go off of. I guess the alternative is I also just do sconces in the back. Yeah. Instead of the led. It's simpler. Definitely simpler. But I think putting up the two sconces and feeling out the rest of the space will give us ideas to how to make the rest of the space, what will complete it. Because I think the light. If we get another light bar, like 26 light bars instead of the LED going down. But we could do like, they also have a similar effect, but it just will be running all the way through. Yeah. So I think we can use the existing LED to see what that would look like. Maybe. Because I think if you. If we get the cheap led. To me, LED looks cheap when you see the individual. Exactly. Like, I think less lighting but higher quality is better than more lighting, but cheap, at least for now. Especially because this isn't some trashy college dorm. It's a business that's going to have wear and tear that, you know. Right. I guess I think what will be simpler to wire would just be top and bottom. And that's typical. I feel like. And like, for, like, I think I want like for our. Like for, for example, for our sound bath, I want those. We're going to have actual candles. But I also want. I think the LEDs will support that, like, warm. Oh, I could get my parents to bring back like some Taobao lighting. Let's do it. When are they coming? End of September. Not. Not for grand reopening, but like soon enough. Yeah, I mean, like, a lot of lighting is like the, like, you know, those, like, you know the ones that project like clouds in the ceiling. Those are like. Yo, those are like less than five bucks on Taobao, I swear. Yeah. Cuz do you think if we do. No, I don't. I. Because I think the LEDs, it's like set. It's like out of the way. I think those. I think the lights are less. Are nice. Like, a lot of teachers who teach flow bring their own lights instead of themselves versus the LED lights, I think are more. I do think horizontal lighting has another benefit, which is especially if you dim it. Yeah. It feels like very ambient versus, like, vertical is more like hardcore. Yeah. It's like a commitment. Yeah. So I think probably also cheaper. Yeah. From the top, I think. I don't. I don't know if, like, I don't know how useful it would be to have the lighting from the top because there is that bed covering a lot of it anyways. I think the benefit of lighting. You know how people say that clothes with vertical stripes are more flattering than horizontal stripes? It's like, it makes the ceiling feel taller, which matters for Ariel. Yeah. But horizontal makes sense if you think about dimming it and thinking about, like. So I like, if I think horizontal plus sconces, eventually, I think. Or you start with sconces. Second work. Yeah. Because I was thinking we're gonna do like, U this way. Connect it another U and then another U maybe, and then we just tape the top part. So, like, I think it's less complicated to do. Either start with sconces or start with horizontal. Like, start with one of them and then eventually do sconces and horizontal. I think that gives the right vibe. I think thinking you do need something vertical, but I don't know, like, you need to be committed to it running all the way or else it'll be. It'll feel a little cheap. Or you can just move to sconces. I have an option now and see what happens. Yeah. Let me. What sconces did you get? It's the ones I sent to you, but I want to find just one more. How much worth it? How much worth it? Like 80 for two. Right. Why don't you just get two more? But like, this lighting effect. Yeah. You'll need a bit of, like, we do have some depth, like from the pillow. Yeah. But then it not only needs to be deep. This is deep. And something sticking out because. Because even light bars, even the covers aren't going to do that. That is when it's behind it. Yeah. Yeah, Maybe. Like, eventually I wanted to. If you do, like, basically drywall extension to, like, add a little bit of that. Yeah. Like from. Instead of out to the side. I can do it to the back. Yeah, that's the. That's the point. Yeah. Because I think out to the side, even with bars, even with covers, is not going to be what you want. I think. So this is the case for just getting two more sconces or. Or just moving the sconces to the back and see what happens. And then eventually invest in doing the additional lighting like that. Okay. That's like. That's actually be. Yeah. I think that'll be easier than the. Try to sitting in it. You have more to deal with anyway. Like I think there's more you can do to make the place feel nice. That isn't taping up light. That'll easily take half a day or more. Okay, I'm going to start walking back. Okay, I walk with you. Okay. So Saturday, what time are you heading up? So I'm gonna leave from my place at like 6:30. My student also looks at or my, my instructor also looks at the council to drive me because I have to bring some break. Okay. But so we'll set up at 7. 7:30 is what the car will be working. Can I come join you? Yes please. Okay. Yes. Like as in could I come join you for the ride or should I? Oh, but that means you to have to come to uptown early. I don't care. Yeah, like if there's space. Yeah, for sure. Okay. I wake up at five every day now. Like I don't but I think it's more convenient for you to take the UPN. How long? Because the UPN is like probably like 30 minutes from here versus you. Getting to uptown is like 40 minutes UPN all the way to Reneka if you're not all the way up to Winaka. I think last time it took like it's longer because it's you. Because you take the UPN from, from up north and it's much shorter. There's a huge distance between Ogilvy, it's between OTC and Kaibu. Like it's like basically a solid hour. Oh really? Yeah, there are no stops and it takes an hour that like it basically like last time, last time. Of course last time I was also coming all the way from Hilton. Yeah. But all in all it took like an hour 15. An hour or an hour 30. Uhhuh. And I think yeah, cuz it's, it's going to take another like solid 30 minutes to get to ugly. Yeah. So that could make sense. Let's see. Yeah, I would come up 5 anywhere. It doesn't matter. Okay. I'll look up my commute to uptown. Okay. I think there's probably a bus. This is downtown, there's a bus everywhere. Yeah. You can take the 136. Okay. How long do you think it takes? A little under an hour. Okay. Plus I also could just think like it doesn't. Yeah, we'll see. That is free. Well like do you have the $3 versus or it's $4. Yeah, I don't care. Like it's not enough of a difference where I'm like I should. Okay. So there's. There's farmers market, and then we talked about Granville Penang, the reason why. Mr. Nola. Yes. Okay. Can. Can this conversation get. Be my guinea pig? Sure. Great. I'm literally gonna go back and process it. That's why.